Add release notes february 2023 (#896)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/release-notes/february-2023.md

---
slug: february-2023
append_help_link: true
hide_title: true
description: >-
  Release notes include the changes, fixes, and additions in specific versions of Semgrep.
toc_max_heading_level: 3
---

# February 2023

## Important update

- Semgrep CLI is now officially renamed to **Semgrep OSS Engine**. Note that Semgrep CLI is an interface, not a product. As an interface, you can use the CLI as an interface for several products. For example the OSS, Semgrep Code, Semgrep Supply Chain.
- Team tier rules are now renamed to Pro Rules. The **Pro rules** are created by r2c and targeted for security and software engineers who need accurate findings. These rules were previously called Team tier rules. As of this update, these rules are officially called the **[Pro rules](/semgrep-code/pro-rules/)** and are available with the [Team or higher tier](https://semgrep.dev/pricing).

> - DeepSemgrep is renamed to **Semgrep Pro Engine**. Semgrep Pro Engine is fully available for [Team or higher tier](https://semgrep.dev/pricing) users. See [Semgrep Pro](/deepsemgrep/deepsemgrep-introduction/) documentation. Some specific flags have been removed:

Reviewer: nitpick: **Semgrep Pro Engine** contains more than just DeepSemgrep.
So maybe we should rephrase it to "DeepSemgrep has been merged into **Semgrep Pro Engine**"
But that's really a nitpick

Author: @bmahe more such nitpicks, please! Thank you. :)

Author: ```suggestion
- DeepSemgrep has been bundled with other functionalities under the name of **Semgrep Pro Engine**. Semgrep Pro Engine is fully available for [Team or higher tier](https://semgrep.dev/pricing) users. See [Semgrep Pro](/deepsemgrep/deepsemgrep-introduction/) documentation. Some specific flags have been removed:
```

---
slug: february-2023
append_help_link: true
hide_title: true
description: >-
  Release notes include the changes, fixes, and additions in specific versions of Semgrep.
toc_max_heading_level: 3
---

# February 2023

## Important update

> - Semgrep CLI is now officially renamed to **Semgrep OSS Engine**. Note that Semgrep CLI is an interface, not a product. As an interface, you can use the CLI as an interface for several products. For example the OSS, Semgrep Code, Semgrep Supply Chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Semgrep CLI is now officially renamed to **Semgrep OSS Engine**. You can use Semgrep CLI for several products, such as Semgrep OSS, Semgrep Code, and Semgrep Supply Chain.
```

My "Semgrep CLI is an interface, not a product" note in the draft was an internal note, because it spells out to "Semgrep Command line interface is an interface" i.e. redundant.

Author: I knew it is internal, but have been thinking that it was really cool to include it. Thanks for the suggestion! @s-santillan

> - Team tier rules are now renamed to Pro Rules. The **Pro rules** are created by r2c and targeted for security and software engineers who need accurate findings. These rules were previously called Team tier rules. As of this update, these rules are officially called the **[Pro rules](/semgrep-code/pro-rules/)** and are available with the [Team or higher tier](https://semgrep.dev/pricing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Team tier rules are now renamed to Pro Rules. **Pro rules** are created by r2c for security and software engineers who need accurate findings. These rules were previously called Team tier rules. As of this update, these rules are officially called the **[Pro rules](/semgrep-code/pro-rules/)** and are available with the [Team or higher tier](https://semgrep.dev/pricing).
```

- DeepSemgrep has been bundled with other functionalities to offer you **Semgrep Pro Engine**. Semgrep Pro Engine is fully available for [Team or higher tier](https://semgrep.dev/pricing) users. See the [DeepSemgrep → Semgrep Pro Engine](#deepsemgrep--semgrep-pro-engine) update below for more details.

> ## Semgrep CLI and CI → Semgrep OSS Engine

Author: ```suggestion
## Semgrep CLI → Semgrep OSS Engine
```

## Semgrep Supply Chain

- Semgrep Supply Chain now displays a summary of vulnerabilities and scan data in the **Semgrep Cloud Platform** > **Dashboard** page. This enables users to view a report of findings for both their first-party and third-party code.
- Java is now a Generally Available language in Semgrep Supply Chain.
- Various fixes and improvements to performance.

## Semgrep Registry

- When you now click on a hyperlink header with the rule name in [Semgrep Registry](https://semgrep.dev/explore), the link opens a new tab with the rule in either the Semgrep Playground (if you are logged out) or in Semgrep Editor (if you are logged in). This can help you to keep the Registry page open but look at or modify the rule.

## Documentation

- Slight improvements to relevancy in Semgrep Docs’s search bar.
- Updates to **Supported Languages** > **Semgrep Supply Chain** and **Semgrep Code** > **Semgrep Pro Engine**.
- Updates to **Semgrep Code** > **Alerts and Notifications** to consolidate all methods to send and receive scan data, such as findings.
- Updates to **Pricing and Billing** to reflect the differences between Semgrep OSS Engine and Semgrep Code.

> - New documentation for Semgrep Code.

Author: TODO

Reviewer 2: Semgrep Code is an entirely new segment, you can see it on the left sidebar, there's a new doc for "semgrep code"

Author: @s-santillan got it. Would you agree with this rephrasing:

```suggestion
- Added new documentation category Semgrep Code.
```
